fix(helm): missing list namespaces permission with `watchNamespaceSelector` (#2465)
grafana/grafana-operator: deploy/helm/grafana-operator/README.md

| serviceMonitor.telemetryPath | string | `"/metrics"` | Set path to metrics path |
| tolerations | list | `[]` | pod tolerations |
| watchLabelSelectors | string | `""` | Sets the `WATCH_LABEL_SELECTORS` environment variable, it defines which CRs are watched according to their labels. By default, the operator watches all CRs. To make it watch only a subset of CRs, define the variable as a *stringified label selector*. See also: https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/overview/working-with-objects/labels/ Beware: Always label Grafana CRs before enabling to ensure labels are inherited. # Existing Secrets/ConfigMaps referenced in CRs also need to be labeled to continue working. |

> | watchNamespaceSelector | string | `""` | Sets the `WATCH_NAMESPACE_SELECTOR` environment variable, it defines which namespaces the operator should be listening for based on a namespace label (e.g. `"environment: dev"`). By default, the operator watches all namespaces. To make it watch only its own namespace, check out `namespaceScope` option instead. When combined with "namespaceScope" users must manually create the RBAC permissions for the matched namespaces. |

Author: ```suggestion
| watchNamespaceSelector | string | `""` | Sets the `WATCH_NAMESPACE_SELECTOR` environment variable, it defines which namespaces the operator should be listening for based on a namespace label (e.g. `"environment: dev"`). By default, the operator watches all namespaces. To make it watch only its own namespace, check out `namespaceScope` option instead. When combined with "namespaceScope" users must manually create the `RoleBindings` for the matched namespaces. |
```
